okay you guys ready okay we'll be about
15 minutes much huh okay let's get going
first question hello this is Travis
cafard for Travis got for eSports for
Rick yesterday on a very popular podcast
Sebastian Park head of clutch said that
he believed clutch or the underdogs
going into this match did you agree with
that a sentiment before the match began
will over dinner we debated this I don't
know if we came to an actual resolution
on who was the underdog but I can
honestly say that I'm extremely
impressed and proud of the rebound from
our team after a very difficult series
against TL last week we had a bye week
which we earned through great play all
regular-season great coaching all
regular-season we experimented with rest
we experimented with getting some of our
academy players opportunities and we
learned from that I think a credit not
to take anything away from TL or 100
thieves that have gone on to play
tomorrow for the split championship but
it is a split championship we have a
goal that we started out at the
beginning of the year to be at Worlds in
to win worlds so this is as good a
feeling as you could have coming in
third playing the way we played I don't
think clutches is as poor of a team as
they may have performed today and I
think we were as off against TL as we
were that day either so I've been
impressed with what clutch has done
entering the league on such a short
notice to make the playoffs is something
we didn't do as an organization until
this year took us two and a half years
took them one split so congratulations
to them and we'll see them in about a
month and a half again in the summer
split hi Cass Marshall Red Bull eSports
this question is for Rick you've been
very visibly part of the organization
you know on the front lines since the
inception of the organization and I'm
wondering how you balance being
personally involved with the players and
also being able to make the professional
business decisions and how you strike
that balance as an owner thank you thank
you for your question I just want to
remind all of you that I did not compete
today so I'd like you to talk to these
guys because they're they're the heroes
here today
I'll give this answer though to that you
you build it and you only balance any of
this with with teammates teammates that
are far wiser than you when it comes to
the game far wiser than you in business
and I've been blessed with partners like
vomit and Stratton was Stratis clavos
today she's Khalid I can name a number
of people here the Yankees partnerships
I go back to employee number one these
guys may have heard me say this before I
knock on the door I see Jake Fife who's
our GM he's been there from day one I
look at Jared Jeffries came out of the
NBA and you know with the Denver Nuggets
front office you know these are all
individuals who come from sport but they
have committed their life to this team
and these players and the growth of
these sports no more or less than I have
and so I'm really surrounded by an
amazing group of teammates and I'm
really grateful for that and now the
players
question for dock miles from proving
grounds on TV
doc you were everywhere today if it was
Olaf it was says Ronnie you were making
plays across the map talk about your
communication with the team today and
what emphasis you played in the victory
I think I just did
I guess the junglers job which is in my
opinion just leading through the early
game because I have the best scope of
how we're supposed to play from my POV
since everybody else has to focus on
playing against a human and I'm just
farming NPCs so my teammates just they
gave me all the information I needed I
gave them all the information that they
needed and we just played correctly off
of each other hello cap from proving
grounds as well this is for hooni you're
going into the rift rivals which means
facing off against EU and some people
you might remember how do you feel about
that and going into you and what that
entails yeah I was just watching before
I play a game and the there was at you
you know three matches and then it was
pretty fun to watch it was like five
games and like it having answered a
close game with like just kind of back
during the Nexus and I'm really I'm just
really exciting for playing just like
international I mean my first goal was a
time for a messiah visually just meaning
for a spring split and would have been
like way happier but Silver Arrows is
like you get the chance to actually play
against like international league so
from there it was like I think I just
want him prove that you know I'm so good
player so see individually too and also
team that you know we got unfortunately
we got the trip places but I still think
that we're the second best team in the
ALCS
next to Tim kid so we've all seen on the
Leafs rivals like we're gonna be like
way better
Chris also from proving grounds sorry
for proving grounds to over the mic for
a bit how this question is for Nick
coach so it's been a year since you
moved over to na from us how have you
achieved the kind of development that
you and the team together have done in
this time I don't really want to take
like a lot of credit for that this has
been like a year where I've really done
a lot I think it's been a year really
where I've done a lot of learning myself
what actually works for certain players
and how to really build a team that'll
work and I mean I've done pretty much a
lot of failing during that time really
even my time in Australia was a lot of
failing as I'm sure you know just a lot
of learning from every player I've
worked with I've learned at least
something from it so I have a lot of a
lot of things to give to the players
that we've had in the past that taught
me different things about the game and
different things about how to be a
better coach and especially these guys
that split to learning just what I can
do better to help enable them so they
can be the best team they can be high
caps Marshall again this questions for
Adrian this has been a massive split for
supports in North America with Afrin
we're taking MVP you have bio frost
smoothie just a really tough support for
a tough split for supports to stand out
how did you find that affected your
performance during the split and did the
challenge push you to be better or did
you find it just struggle this split I
think support was very diverse because
you could play ball to range Emily
supports so I think the support role is
really important bought the team so this
they looked really well because they
gave their support resources so I don't
think there are necessarily better than
anyone like there's no like huge leader
staff emerges always likes to play
squash all champions and playmakers so
yeah he just always looks more flashy
but it's just support playing for the
team
hi Thomas Baker here with the game house
I wanted to ask all tech with the meta
being so bottom Lane centric and clutch
seeming to win a lot of their most
recent matches focusing on the bottom
lane specifically you know hah quo and
and Thresh was there anything specific
that you guys prepared for this series
that helped you win today um not really
I don't
well at least for bullying them you know
he played really well on fish and I
don't know mostly played against TSM but
his touch was looking really good I'm
coming out of the wind from TSM but
overall personally I'm not really afraid
of you know just to be two against CG
spalling so I mean I can play a lot of
picks too so even if we know you go for
five in the band pace I can play a lot
of champions that maybe they don't
expect and you know I think we me and
agent both have like you need picks that
we can always pull out now obviously we
practice in scrim for any other
questions
really quickly while you find a next
question I think there was a turning
point this weekend for a co Fox once I
saw the picture on the big beach of
hooni and once Adrian took Ellie down -
oh I knew we were gonna go and play well
today everyone's so serious all right -
echo on that this is Johnny would you
like to talk about your your - oh love
Ellie I think he works at the office
back in LA and you know we would all me
and who knew would always play ping-pong
and you know here we would challenge him
all the time but we would never beat him
for like I don't know like three or four
months and you know we came to Miami and
I just told him yesterday so obviously
we're gonna win today yes hey my name is
parks I'm also with the game house to
echo off your your fun questions
I talked to doc a little bit earlier
this year about his shoes his shoe game
and he kind of called liquid out on
having they all got the same Easy's and
and he was like it's good you're making
it lame like I have him it's really cool
but like why do you all have them but
they're also in the finals so I'm just
curious you did really well you got your
new ones but are they maybe a buff is
there like a shoe buff that they have no
if anything it was a shoe nerve that's
why we won one game Travis again for
Ellie if he's here if not for echo
stuff is there a chance that he threw
the ping pong game yesterday to give
echo fox confidence for their game today
no chance Johnny Roos the cleanest power
player he he was already nervous against
me
I don't know if he's here but he got
on hello it's cap again with
proving grounds I don't know who to
direct this to but who is responsible
for these awesome jerseys that you guys
have because everyone else is going
super serious but you guys went full-on
Miami with this is it Hayley its Hayley
she's great
so a question for Phoenix uh-huh
the the midlane as you know always been
this really flashy role but riot has
always been sort of cutting back solo
carry power there start starting to
reverse that but as the mid laner did
you feel a lot of pressure in this split
to sort of have to work with the team
and not have that single solo carry or
did you find it really easy to work in
the team environment and work with the
squad of course when I hear stressed and
when I first oz name when I toes named
comfort on our like force management I
was trying helping me like keep up break
give me a break
something like that but yeah fighting
just hurts to me we got about five more
minutes so if anyone wants to throw
anything else out there
hey Tyler ESPN if you can go across the
line predictions for tomorrow TL vs.
under thieves just give who you think is
gonna win and the score line from all of
you that's okay
I I find myself growing in knowledge
around League of Legends but I don't go
as in-depth when it comes to I think
accurate predictions quite yet but I
think I misspoke on stage when I was
looking to remind or send out a message
to doublelift that you know this is his
family here we're happy that he's here
we love him we want to surround him with
love at this tough time I think the way
he played in the ability for him to
block out the tragedy in his his in
these moments and play on such a at such
an epic level we know he's been great I
think he's going to continue to be great
this weekend and I think that's gonna be
a little too much for a hundred thieves
yeah you know as I said earlier like
definitely real kind of will take a best
team in an ALCS right now so pretty sure
it's like team Lincoln is gonna be like
great more chance that they're gonna win
and because I know I really have playing
you know hundred tips and you know till
one kid in here you're like we were
playing scream each other and definitely
feel like in which is having more
troubling way playing against them so
from there like I can always see like
and like it's gonna be like having pre
easy game and I def I definitely put up
personally too you know definitely it's
better to win to milk it you know
because we lost a good team again ah
yeah pretty much the same I think just
the way that both teams play the game is
really primarily through bottom and it's
hard to argue that doublelift is it
better in my opinion so definitely from
personal experience scrims have been way
harder versus Team Liquid but I also
recognize the fact that it is afro moon
and best of five so it could go either
way
but I do think Team Liquid will win
probably 3-1 at the at the most for 100
thieves I think one game yeah I feel
same I think team record we reach three
one score and technically we lose one
game cause Kody son we're pop-top just
just from our screams till husband the
harder opponent so and you know we lost
them in semi so you know I want TL to
win and I'm pretty sure they're gonna
win at least 3 or 3/1 team to go 3 all
for sure yeah I mean TL wins through one
unless like Cody and uh
after I've liked the series of their
life pretty much just kidding one more
question if anyone oh I put hundred I
see city to win since they ever done for
chair I feel better for them any any
parting things questions or comments or
anything like that if we're done with
questions um we'd love to get a couple
of photos on of the guys up here and
you're super slick Miami themed jerseys
yeah no we yeah would love for you to be
up in there um guys